com/ms/starwars/ui/home/Hilt_HomeActivity.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.home.Hilt_HomeActivity
com/ms/starwars/databinding/ActivityDetailsBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.ActivityDetailsBinding
com/ms/starwars/ui/details/DetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.details.DetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/ms/starwars/Hilt_BaseApplication.java
 com.ms.starwars.Hilt_BaseApplication
 com.ms.starwars.Hilt_BaseApplication$1
com/ms/starwars/di/module/UrlProviderModule_ProvideUrlFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.UrlProviderModule_ProvideUrlFactory
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.UrlProviderModule_ProvideUrlFactory$InstanceHolder
com/ms/starwars/ui/home/HomeActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.home.HomeActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/ms/starwars/databinding/LayoutSpecieItemBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.LayoutSpecieItemBinding
com/ms/starwars/databinding/LayoutCharacterItemBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.LayoutCharacterItemBinding
com/ms/starwars/ui/adapters/SearchedCharacterAdapter_Factory.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.adapters.SearchedCharacterAdapter_Factory
 com.ms.starwars.ui.adapters.SearchedCharacterAdapter_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/ms/starwars/BuildConfig.java
 com.ms.starwars.BuildConfig
com/ms/starwars/databinding/LayoutProfileDetailsBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.LayoutProfileDetailsBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/ms/starwars/di/module/UseCaseModule_ProvideSearchUseCaseFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.UseCaseModule_ProvideSearchUseCaseFactory
com/ms/starwars/ui/details/DetailsViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.details.DetailsViewModel_HiltModule
com/ms/starwars/ui/details/DetailsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.details.DetailsActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_di_module_UrlProviderModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_di_module_UrlProviderModuleModuleDeps
com/ms/starwars/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_ui_home_HomeActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_ui_home_HomeActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/ms/starwars/ui/adapters/FilmAdapter_Factory.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.adapters.FilmAdapter_Factory
 com.ms.starwars.ui.adapters.FilmAdapter_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/ms/starwars/di/module/NetworkModule_OkHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.NetworkModule_OkHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.NetworkModule_OkHttpLoggingInterceptorFactory$InstanceHolder
com/ms/starwars/databinding/LayoutPlanetDetailsBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.LayoutPlanetDetailsBinding
com/ms/starwars/ui/details/DetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.details.DetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/ms/starwars/databinding/LayoutSpeciesDetailsBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.LayoutSpeciesDetailsBinding
com/ms/starwars/di/module/NetworkModule_BaseApiServiceFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.NetworkModule_BaseApiServiceFactory
com/ms/starwars/di/module/UseCaseModule_ProvidePlanetUseCaseFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.UseCaseModule_ProvidePlanetUseCaseFactory
com/ms/starwars/ui/adapters/SpeciesAdapter_Factory.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.adapters.SpeciesAdapter_Factory
 com.ms.starwars.ui.adapters.SpeciesAdapter_Factory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_ui_details_DetailsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_ui_details_DetailsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/ms/starwars/ui/home/HomeViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.home.HomeViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/ms/starwars/ui/home/HomeViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.home.HomeViewModel_HiltModule
com/ms/starwars/BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/ms/starwars/ui/home/HomeActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.home.HomeActivity_MembersInjector
com/ms/starwars/DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC.java
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$1
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$Builder
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCImpl
 com.ms.starwars.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$SwitchingProvider
com/ms/starwars/di/module/NetworkModule_BaseOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.NetworkModule_BaseOkHttpClientFactory
com/ms/starwars/ui/details/DetailsActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.details.DetailsActivity_MembersInjector
com/ms/starwars/BaseApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ApplicationC
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.ms.starwars.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/ms/starwars/databinding/LayoutFilmItemBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.LayoutFilmItemBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_ui_home_HomeViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_ui_home_HomeViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/ms/starwars/databinding/LayoutFilmDetailsBinding.java
 com.ms.starwars.databinding.LayoutFilmDetailsBinding
com/ms/starwars/di/module/NetworkModule_BaseRetrofitFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.NetworkModule_BaseRetrofitFactory
com/ms/starwars/di/module/UseCaseModule_ProvideFilmUseCaseFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.UseCaseModule_ProvideFilmUseCaseFactory
com/ms/starwars/di/module/DataSourceModule_ProvideCharacterSearchRepoFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.DataSourceModule_ProvideCharacterSearchRepoFactory
com/ms/starwars/di/module/UseCaseModule_ProvideSpecieUseCaseFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.UseCaseModule_ProvideSpecieUseCaseFactory
com/ms/starwars/ui/home/HomeViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.home.HomeViewModel_AssistedFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_di_module_NetworkModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_di_module_NetworkModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_ui_details_DetailsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_ui_details_DetailsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_di_module_DataSourceModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_di_module_DataSourceModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_ms_starwars_di_module_UseCaseModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_ms_starwars_di_module_UseCaseModuleModuleDeps
com/ms/starwars/ui/details/Hilt_DetailsActivity.java
 com.ms.starwars.ui.details.Hilt_DetailsActivity
com/ms/starwars/di/module/DataSourceModule_ProvideCharacterDetailsRepoFactory.java
 com.ms.starwars.di.module.DataSourceModule_ProvideCharacterDetailsRepoFactory
